docs: Musicgen melody model card (#38955)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/musicgen_melody.md

melody_prompt = separated_audio[0, demucs_model.sources.index('vocals')] # or other source
```

### Other Generation Examples

**Text-only Conditional Generation**
```python
from transformers import AutoProcessor, MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration

processor = AutoProcessor.from_pretrained("facebook/musicgen-melody")
model = MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained("facebook/musicgen-melody")

inputs = processor(
    text=["80s pop track with bassy drums and synth", "90s rock song with loud guitars and heavy drums"],
    padding=True,
    return_tensors="pt",
)
audio_values = model.generate(**inputs, do_sample=True, guidance_scale=3, max_new_tokens=256)
```

**Unconditional Generation**
```python
from transformers import MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration, MusicgenMelodyProcessor

model = MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained("facebook/musicgen-melody")
processor = MusicgenMelodyProcessor.from_pretrained("facebook/musicgen-melody")
unconditional_inputs = processor.get_unconditional_inputs(num_samples=1)
audio_values = model.generate(**unconditional_inputs, do_sample=True, max_new_tokens=256)
```

> **Generation Configuration**
> You can inspect and update the model's generation configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The generation config stores the default parameters that control the generation process such as sampling, guidance scale, and number of generated tokens.

   Any arguments passed to the [`~GenerationMixin.generate`] method supersedes the parameters in the generation config.
```

```python
from transformers import MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration

model = MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained("facebook/musicgen-melody")
# Inspect config
print(model.generation_config)
# Update config
model.generation_config.guidance_scale = 4.0
model.generation_config.max_length = 256
```

> ### Other Information
> - **Checkpoint Conversion**: Convert original checkpoints using the script at `src/transformers/models/musicgen_melody/convert_musicgen_melody_transformers.py`.
> - **`head_mask`**: The `head_mask` argument is only effective with `attn_implementation="eager"`.
> - **Sampling**: For best results, use sampling (`do_sample=True`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `head_mask` argument is only effective with `attn_implementation="eager"`.
- For best results,  set `do_sample=True`.
```

> ## Model Structure

Reviewer: Remove this section and replace with the below. Remember each code snippet should be indented under its list item

```suggestion
- [`MusicgenMelodyForCausalLM`] can be used as a standalone decoder model. Load it by specifying the correct config or accessing it through the `.decoder` attribute of [`MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration`].

   [`MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration`] can be used as a composite model that includes the text and audio encoder.
```

The model consists of three parts:
1.  **Text encoder**: A frozen T5 or Flan-T5 model that creates hidden-state representations from text.
2.  **MusicGen Melody decoder**: An auto-regressive language model that generates audio tokens based on the text and audio prompts.
3.  **Audio decoder**: An EnCodec model that converts audio tokens back into a waveform.

You can work with the standalone decoder [`MusicgenMelodyForCausalLM`] or the full [`MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration`] model.

```python
from transformers import AutoConfig, MusicgenMelodyForCausalLM, MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration

# Option 1: Load the decoder directly
decoder_config = AutoConfig.from_pretrained("facebook/musicgen-melody").decoder
decoder = MusicgenMelodyForCausalLM.from_pretrained("facebook/musicgen-melody", **decoder_config.to_dict())

# Option 2: Access the decoder from the composite model
model = MusicgenMelodyForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained("facebook/musicgen-melody")
decoder = model.decoder

> ```

Reviewer: Add a few more notes:

```md
- Ensure you're using a 32kHz checkpoint of the Encodec model because MusicGen was trained on it.
```
